Java - Loop Control
    ใช้เมื่อ you need to execute a block of code several number of times.
    Java Loop
        while loop
        for loop
        do...while loop
        Enhanced for loop
            As of Java 5, the enhanced for loop was introduced.
            This is mainly used to traverse collection of elements including arrays.
    Loop Control Statements
        break
            Terminates the loop or switch statement
        continue
            To skip the remainder of its body and immediately retest its condition prior to reiterating.

Java - Decision Making
    if statement
	if...else statement
	nested if statement
	switch statement

Java - if-else Statement
    The if else statement is used to execute two code blocks based on the given condition.

Java - switch statement
    The Java switch statement allows a variable to be tested for equality against a list of values.
    Each value is called a case
    Rules
        - ตัวแปรที่ใช้ใน switch statement can only be integers, convertable integers (byte, short, char),
          strings and enums.
        - มีได้หลาย case statement
        - The value for a case must be the same data type as the variable in the
          switch and it must be a constant or a literal.
        - When the variable being switched on is equal to a case,
          the statements following that case will execute until a break statement is reached.
        - When a break statement is reached, the switch terminates,
          and the flow of control jumps to the next line following the switch statement.
        - Not every case needs to contain a break. If no break appears,
          the flow of control will fall through to subsequent cases until a break is reached.
        - A switch statement can have an optional default case, which must appear at the end of the switch.
          The default case can be used for performing a task when none of the cases is true.
          No break is needed in the default case.

Java - for Loop
    when you know how many times a task is to be repeated

Java - for each Loop
    when you do not know how many times a task is to be repeated.

Java - while Loop
    A while loop statement repeatedly executes a code block as long as a given condition is true.

Java - do...while Loop
    A do while loop is guaranteed to execute at least one time.
    The do-while loop is an exit control loop, where the condition is checked after executing the loop's body.

Java - break Statement
    When the break statement is encountered inside a loop,
    the loop is immediately terminated and the program control resumes at the next statement
    following the loop.

Java - continue Statement
    The continue statement can be used in any of the loop control structures.
    It causes the loop to immediately jump to the next iteration of the loop.